Create 2023-09-12 (#78)
department-of-veterans-affairs/developer-portal-content: content/benefits/education-benefits/release-notes/2023-06-09.md

We've added the new Education Benefits API to the developer portal. It replaces the EVSS Education Service. The Education Benefits API returns information about a Veteran’s education benefits, including:

- Whether a Veteran is eligible for the Post-9/11 GI Bill’s education benefits.

> - The total education benefits earned by the Veteran.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The total education benefits earned by a Veteran.
```

> We've added the new Education Benefits API to the developer portal. It replaces the EVSS Education service. The Education Benefits API returns information about a Veteran’s education benefits, including:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've added the new Education Benefits API to the developer portal. It replaces the EVSS Education Service. The Education Benefits API returns information about a Veteran’s education benefits, including:
```

- Whether a Veteran is eligible for the Post-9/11 GI Bill’s education benefits.
- The total education benefits earned by the Veteran.
- The amount of a Veteran’s education benefits that has been used.
- The remaining amount of a Veteran’s education benefit.
- Details of educational enrollments for which benefits were used, including start and end dates, schools, and credits received. 

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

This API uses the client credentials grant (CCG) flow to provide an access token to trusted systems. See our [CCG guide](https://developer.va.gov/explore/authorization/docs/client-credentials?api=claims) for more details. 

- **Important**: To get production access for this API, you must work for VA or have specific VA agreements. If you have any questions, [contact us](https://developer.va.gov/support/contact-us).

As always, it's important to know that the new version must support backward compatibility. It should:

> - Be tolerant of unknown fields in the payload. Ignore the deserialization of new fields but do not eliminate them from the payload if needed for subsequent PUT requests. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Be tolerant of unknown fields in the payload. You should ignore the deserialization of new fields, but don't eliminate them from the payload in case they are needed for subsequent PUT requests. 
```

> - Be tolerant of unknown fields in the payload. Ignore the deserialization of new fields but do not eliminate them from the payload if needed for subsequent PUT requests. 

Author: The developer using the API

We've added the new Education Benefits API to the developer portal. It replaces the EVSS Education Services API. The Education Benefits API returns information about a Veteran’s education benefits, including:

- Whether a Veteran is eligible for the Post-9/11 GI Bill’s education benefits.
- The total education benefits earned by the Veteran.
- The amount of a Veteran’s education benefits that has been used.
- The remaining amount of a Veteran’s education benefit.
- Details of educational enrollments for which benefits were used, including start and end dates, schools, and credits received. 

**Authentication and Authorization**

This API uses the client credentials grant (CCG) flow to provide an access token to trusted systems. See our [CCG guide](https://developer.va.gov/explore/authorization/docs/client-credentials?api=claims) for more details. 

> **Important**: To get production access for this API, you must work for VA or have specific VA agreements. If you have any questions, [contact us](https://developer.va.gov/support/contact-us).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Important**: To get production access for this API, you must work for VA or have specific VA agreements. If you have any questions, [contact us](https://developer.va.gov/support/contact-us).

```

> We've added the new Education Benefits API to the developer portal. It replaces the EVSS Education Services API. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've added the new Education Benefits API to the developer portal. It replaces the EVSS Education Services API. The Education Benefits API returns information about a Veteran’s education benefits, including:
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> **Important**: To get production access for this API, you must work for VA or have specific VA agreements. If you have any questions, [contact us](https://developer.va.gov/support/contact-us).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> The Education Benefits API returns information about a Veteran’s education benefits, including:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

- The total education benefits earned by the Veteran.
- The amount of a Veteran’s education benefits that has been used.
- The remaining amount of a Veteran’s education benefit.
- Details of educational enrollments for which benefits were used, including start and end dates, schools, and credits received. 

> **Authentication and Authorization**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

This API uses the client credentials grant (CCG) flow to provide an access token to trusted systems. See our [CCG guide](https://developer.va.gov/explore/authorization/docs/client-credentials?api=claims) for more details. 

> **Important**: To get production access for this API, you must work for VA or have specific VA agreements. If you have any questions, [contact us](https://developer.va.gov/support/contact-us).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Important**: To get production access for this API, you must work for VA or have specific VA agreements. If you have any questions, [contact us](https://developer.va.gov/support/contact-us).
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

**Important**: To get production access for this API, you must work for VA or have specific VA agreements. If you have any questions, [contact us](https://developer.va.gov/support/contact-us).
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

**Important**: To get production access for this API, you must work for VA or have specific VA agreements. If you have any questions, [contact us](https://developer.va.gov/support/contact-us).
```

> **Important**: To get production access for this API, you must work for VA or have specific VA agreements. If you have any questions, [contact us](https://developer.va.gov/support/contact-us).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

As always, it's important to know that the new version must support backward compatibility. It should:

> •	Be tolerant of unknown fields in the payload. Ignore the deserialization of new fields but do not eliminate them from the payload if needed for subsequent PUT requests. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Be tolerant of unknown fields in the payload. Ignore the deserialization of new fields but do not eliminate them from the payload if needed for subsequent PUT requests. 
```

> •	Be prepared to handle HTTP status codes not explicitly specified in endpoint definitions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Be prepared to handle HTTP status codes not explicitly specified in endpoint definitions.
```

> •	Follow the redirect when the server returns HTTP status code 301 (Moved Permanently).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Follow the redirect when the server returns HTTP status code 301 (Moved Permanently).
```
